now the Israeli Army says its Special
Forces have raided the main hospital in
southern Gaza the Army says it has
credible intelligence that Hamas held
hostages in NASA hospital and that their
bodies may still be there Hamas which
the UK and US consider a terrorist
organization has called Israel's claim
lies Israel describes it as a precise
and limited operation at the site in car
Yunis medical sources say Israeli forces
fired into the hospital killing a
patient and wounding several others
trauma surgeon has contacted the BBC to
say tanks and snipers were surrounding
the hospital from all directions Jenny
Hill sent this report from
Jerusalem where there should be healing
and
hope chaos and
injury this is the NASA Hospital in
hunis corridors filled with smoke and
panic attacked by we're being attacked
by Israel this do
shouts he checks for
casualties there is shooting he shouts
get your heads
down yesterday Israeli forces ordered
civilians to leave the hospital this was
they claim a Precision strike because
they believe Hamas Fighters held Israeli
hostages here we have credible
intelligence from a number of sources
including from released hostages
indicating that Hamas held hostages at
the NASA Hospital kanun and that there
may be bodies of all hostages in the
NASA Hospital
facility Israel continues its assault on
Gaza earlier its forces claimed to have
killed more Hamas Fighters talks aimed
at a temporary ceasefire and the return
of Israeli hostages are ongoing but
there's no sign of a
breakthrough and so the eyes of the
world are on Rafa more than a million
displaced civilians have sought refuge
in gaza's Southern City but Israel
believes Hammer Fighters are hiding here
too and despite growing International
protest plans a major ground offensive
among those voicing their concern the
German foreign minister more than half
of gaza's population is currently
seeking shelter in Rafa she says many
have nothing more than the small
children in their arms and the clothes
on their backs these people cannot
simply vanish Into Thin Air some are
trying to move away but where to go they
refus safe options and right now little
hope of peace